README.md, before:

```markdown
# PrivaLinux OS

PrivaLinux is a privacy-focused Linux distribution based on Ubuntu/Linux Mint with enhanced security features and pre-installed applications for privacy protection.

## Features

- **Privacy-First Approach**: Minimal telemetry, enhanced encryption, and privacy-focused default settings
- **Pre-installed Wine**: Run Windows applications seamlessly
- **Security Tools**: Integrated firewall, VPN support, and encryption tools
- **User-Friendly**: Familiar desktop environment with privacy enhancements
- **Optimized Performance**: Lightweight and efficient system resource usage

## Project Structure

- `/config` - Configuration files for the distribution
- `/packages` - Custom package lists and installation scripts
- `/scripts` - Build and installation scripts
- `/branding` - Custom branding assets

## Development Roadmap

1. **Base System Selection**: Choose between Ubuntu LTS or Linux Mint as the foundation
2. **Privacy Enhancements**: Implement privacy-focused configurations and remove telemetry
3. **Package Selection**: Curate privacy-respecting applications and utilities
4. **Wine Integration**: Pre-configure Wine for Windows application compatibility
5. **Custom Installer**: Develop a user-friendly installation process
6. **Testing & Refinement**: Ensure stability and security

## Building PrivaLinux OS

### Prerequisites
- Linux system (Ubuntu/Linux Mint recommended)
- Required packages:
  ```bash
  sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y \
      squashfs-tools \
      xorriso \
      isolinux \
      genisoimage \
      rsync \
      wget \
      zenity
 ```
```

### Build Steps
1. Clone the repository:
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/privalinux.git
   cd privalinux
    ```
   ```
2. Make the build script executable:
   
   ```bash
   cd scripts
   chmod +x build_iso.sh
    ```
3. Run the build script:
   
   ```bash
   sudo ./build_iso.sh
    ```
The build process will:

- Download the base Linux Mint ISO
- Extract and customize it
- Install privacy-focused packages
- Apply security configurations
- Create the final ISO in the output directory
Build time varies depending on your system and internet connection (typically 30-60 minutes).

Commit message:

docs: add Windows build instructions and PowerShell script
Add detailed build instructions for Windows using WSL and a PowerShell script to automate the build process. This enables Windows users to build PrivaLinux OS without needing a native Linux environment.

README.md, after:

```markdown
# PrivaLinux OS

PrivaLinux is a privacy-focused Linux distribution based on Ubuntu/Linux Mint with enhanced security features and pre-installed applications for privacy protection.

## Features

- **Privacy-First Approach**: Minimal telemetry, enhanced encryption, and privacy-focused default settings
- **Pre-installed Wine**: Run Windows applications seamlessly
- **Security Tools**: Integrated firewall, VPN support, and encryption tools
- **User-Friendly**: Familiar desktop environment with privacy enhancements
- **Optimized Performance**: Lightweight and efficient system resource usage

## Project Structure

- `/config` - Configuration files for the distribution
- `/packages` - Custom package lists and installation scripts
- `/scripts` - Build and installation scripts
- `/branding` - Custom branding assets

## Development Roadmap

1. **Base System Selection**: Choose between Ubuntu LTS or Linux Mint as the foundation
2. **Privacy Enhancements**: Implement privacy-focused configurations and remove telemetry
3. **Package Selection**: Curate privacy-respecting applications and utilities
4. **Wine Integration**: Pre-configure Wine for Windows application compatibility
5. **Custom Installer**: Develop a user-friendly installation process
6. **Testing & Refinement**: Ensure stability and security

## Building PrivaLinux OS

### Prerequisites

#### For Linux
- Linux system (Ubuntu/Linux Mint recommended)
- Required packages:
  ```bash
  sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install -y \
      squashfs-tools \
      xorriso \
      isolinux \
      genisoimage \
      rsync \
      wget \
      zenity
  ```

#### For Windows
- Windows 10/11 with WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) enabled
- Ubuntu installed in WSL
- PowerShell 5.1 or later
```

### Build Steps

#### For Linux
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/otdoges/Linux-based-os.git
   cd privalinux
   ```

2. Make the build script executable:
   ```bash
   cd scripts
   chmod +x build_iso.sh
   ```

3. Run the build script:
   ```bash
   sudo ./build_iso.sh
   ```

#### For Windows
1. Clone the repository:
   ```powershell
   git clone https://github.com/otdoges/Linux-based-os.git
   cd privalinux
   ```

2. Run the PowerShell build script:
   ```powershell
   cd scripts
   .\build_iso.ps1
   ```
The build process will:

- Download the base Linux Mint ISO
- Extract and customize it
- Install privacy-focused packages
- Apply security configurations
- Create the final ISO in the output directory
Build time varies depending on your system and internet connection (typically 30-60 minutes).
